Feature/25586 improve relations docs (#295)
flotiq/flotiq-docs: docs/API/content-type/listing-co.md

### Filtering by relation

Assume we have two Content Type Definitions: `Product` and `Category`. 
There is a relation where a `Product` can belong to multiple `Categories`.

!!! Example Product

    Here is an example of a `Product` object:

    ```json
    {
        "id": "2-id",
        "price": 100,
        "title": "product-2",
        "categories": [
            {
                "type": "internal",
                "dataUrl": "/api/v1/content/category/cat-1"
            }
        ]
    }
    ```
    { data-search-exclude }

Filtering by the inverse side of the relation is done using the `dataUrl` field, which identifies the relationship. 
According to [JsonPath](https://github.com/json-path/JsonPath), in the above example, filtering will be based on the `categories[*].dataUrl` field.

The value used for filtering must be the full `dataUrl` of the object, e.g., `/api/v1/content/category/cat-1`.

> !!! Example
>     
>     To display products in the `cat-1` category, you can use a filter of type `includes`:
>     ```json
>     {
>         "categories[*].dataUrl": {
>             "type": "includes",
>             "filter": "/api/v1/content/category/cat-1"
>     }
>     ```
>     { data-search-exclude }
> 
>     To display products in either the `cat-1` or `cat-2` categories, you can use a filter of type `overlaps`, allowing you to send a list of categories:
>     ```json
>     {
>         "categories[*].dataUrl": {
>             "type": "overlaps",
>             "filter": [
>                 "/api/v1/content/category/cat-1",
>                 "/api/v1/content/category/cat-2",
>         ]
>     }
>     ```
>     { data-search-exclude }
> 
> Only `contains`, `notContains`, `includes` and `overlaps` type filters can be used with filtering by relation.

Reviewer: We could improve the description of filtering by relation using different type filters by adding variants per filter in `!!! Example section` like it's done for the filters description in previous part of this documentation page. What do you think about the example section presented below?

```suggestion
Filtering by relation can be done using the following filters: `includes`,`overlaps`, `contains` and `notContains`.
See examples below:

!!! Example

    === "includes"

        To display products in the `cat-1` category, you can use a filter of type `includes`:

        ```json
        {
            "categories[*].dataUrl": {
                "type": "includes",
                "filter": "/api/v1/content/category/cat-1"
            }
        }
        ```

        Will return:

        ```json
        {
            "id": "1-id",
            "title": "product-1",
            "categories": [{
                "type": "internal",
                "dataUrl": "/api/v1/content/category/cat-1"
            }],
            "internal": {...}
        }
        ```
        { data-search-exclude }

        Will not return:

        ```json
        {
            "id": "2-id",
            "title": "product-2",
            "categories": [{
                "type": "internal",
                "dataUrl": "/api/v1/content/category/cat-2"
            }],
            "internal": {...}
        }
        ```
        { data-search-exclude }

        ```json
        {
            "id": "3-id",
            "title": "product-3",
            "categories": [{
                "type": "internal",
                "dataUrl": "/api/v1/content/category/cat-3"
            }],
            "internal": {...}
        }
        ```
        { data-search-exclude }

    === "overlaps"

        To display products in either the `cat-1` or `cat-2` categories, you can use a filter of type `overlaps`, allowing you to send a list of categories:

        ```json
        {
            "categories[*].dataUrl": {
                "type": "overlaps",
                "filter": [
                    "/api/v1/content/category/cat-1",
                    "/api/v1/content/category/cat-2",
                ]
            },
            "internal": {...}
        }
        ```
        { data-search-exclude }

        Will return:

        ```json
        [
            {
                "id":"4-id",
                "title": "product-4",
                "categories":[
                    {
                        "type": "internal",
                        "dataUrl":"/api/v1/content/category/cat-1"
                    },
                    {
                        "type": "internal",
                        "dataUrl":"/api/v1/content/category/cat-2"
                    },
                    {
                        "type": "internal",
                        "dataUrl":"/api/v1/content/category/cat-3"
                    },
                ],
                "internal": {...}
            },
            {
                "id":"5-id",
                "title": "product-5",
                "categories":[
                    {
                        "type": "internal",
                        "dataUrl":"/api/v1/content/category/cat-1"
                    },
                    {
                        "type": "internal",
                        "dataUrl":"/api/v1/content/category/cat-4"
                    },
                ],
                "internal": {...}
            }
        ]
        ```
        { data-search-exclude }

        Will not return:

        ```json
        {
            "id": "3-id",
            "title": "product-3",
            "categories": [{
                "type": "internal",
                "dataUrl": "/api/v1/content/category/cat-3"
            }],
            "internal": {...}
        }
        ```
        { data-search-exclude }

    === "contains"

        To display products that belong to a category containing specific ID part, you can use a filter of type `contains`:

        ```json
        {
            "categories[*].dataUrl": {
                "type": "contains",
                "filter": "/content/category/group-a"
            },
            "internal": {...}
        }
        ```
        { data-search-exclude }

        Will return:

        ```json
        {
            "id": "7-id",
            "title": "product-7",
            "categories": [{
                "type": "internal",
                "dataUrl": "/api/v1/content/category/group-a-cat-1"
            }],
            "internal": {...}
        }
        ```
        { data-search-exclude }

        ```json
        {
            "id": "8-id",
            "title": "product-8",
            "categories": [{
                "type": "internal",
                "dataUrl": "/api/v1/content/category/group-a-cat-2"
            }],
            "internal": {...}
        }
        ```
        { data-search-exclude }

        Will not return:

        ```json
        {
            "id": "1-id",
            "title": "product-1",
            "categories": [{
                "type": "internal",
                "dataUrl": "/api/v1/content/category/cat-1"
            }],
            "internal": {...}
        }
        ```

        ```json
        {
            "id": "9-id",
            "title": "product-9",
            "categories": [{
                "type": "internal",
                "dataUrl": "/api/v1/content/category/group-b-cat-1"
            }],
            "internal": {...}
        }
        ```
        { data-search-exclude }

    === "notContains"

        To display products that belong to a categories that do not contain specific ID part, you can use a filter of type `notContains`:

        ```json
        {
            "categories[*].dataUrl": {
                "type": "notContains",
                "filter": "/content/category/group-a"
            },
            "internal": {...}
        }
        ```
        { data-search-exclude }

        Will return:

        ```json
        {
            "id": "1-id",
            "title": "product-1",
            "categories": [{
                "type": "internal",
                "dataUrl": "/api/v1/content/category/cat-1"
            }],
            "internal": {...}
        }
        ```

        ```json
        {
            "id": "9-id",
            "title": "product-9",
            "categories": [{
                "type": "internal",
                "dataUrl": "/api/v1/content/category/group-b-cat-1"
            }],
            "internal": {...}
        }
        ```
        { data-search-exclude }

        Will not return:

        ```json
        {
            "id": "7-id",
            "title": "product-7",
            "categories": [{
                "type": "internal",
                "dataUrl": "/api/v1/content/category/group-a-cat-1"
            }],
            "internal": {...}
        }
        ```
        { data-search-exclude }

        ```json
        {
            "id": "8-id",
            "title": "product-8",
            "categories": [{
                "type": "internal",
                "dataUrl": "/api/v1/content/category/group-a-cat-2"
            }],
            "internal": {...}
        }
        ```
        { data-search-exclude }
```
